<sup>[&larr; Previous lecture](/files/12.md)|[&uarr; Back to course home page](/README.md)</sup>  

# The final project
Do punk stuff. Collage together what we have done so far. Now we have it all together. Let’s use the scraps we salvaged from our deconstruction of futurism. 

This week kicks off the final projects. The final project should introduce “the general public” (e.g. the audience of a media channel or visitors to a gallery show) to the universe of the course’s topic. It should be aesthetically as well as visually compelling incorporating critical thoughts and speculative creativity. In particular, the project should make use of the multicultural and polyglot environment on campus and in the Emirates, ideally shining light on a real task that might lie ahead of the Gulf region or a place with specific meaning and relation to the maker(s) of the project.

The project proposals will be presented and discussed in class.


## Creative practice for doing futurism

- Philipp K. Dick, How to build a universe that doesn’t fall apart three days later. In: Dick, Philip K. The Shifting Realities of Philip K. Dick: Selected Literary and Philosophical Writings. Edited by Lawrence Sutin. Vintage Books ed edition. New York: Vintage, 1996.

***

<sup>[&larr; Previous lecture](/files/12.md)|[&uarr; Back to course home page](/README.md)</sup>  
  
<sup>NYU Abu Dhabi ***[Future Punk](/README.md)*** by [Joerg Blumtritt](https://jbenno.net) [@jbenno](https://twitter.com/jbenno) - Other classes I teach: [github.com/jbenno](https://github.com/jbenno/teaching/blob/master/README.md)</sup>


